ui/extjs/src/site/markdown/index.md, before:

## About WCM ExtJS UI Extensions

ExtJS Widgets for AEM Classic UI.

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.ui.extjs/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.ui.extjs)


### Documentation

* [ExtJS widgets][widgets]
* [API documentation][apidocs]
* [Changelog][changelog]


### Overview

This library provides a selection of ExtJS widgets usable in any projects. Some widgets are subclasses of widgets shipped with AEM Classic UI, overriding and extending some of its features.

The widgets are accompanied by a set of servlets serving as JSON providers.


### Dependencies

To use this module you have to deploy also:

|---|---|---|
| [wcm.io Sling Commons](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) |
| [wcm.io AEM Sling Models Extensions](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) |
| [wcm.io WCM Commons](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons) |



[widgets]: widgets.html
[apidocs]: apidocs/
[changelog]: changes-report.html

Commit message:

Switch to AEM 6.2 as minimum version.

ui/extjs/src/site/markdown/index.md, after:

## About WCM ExtJS UI Extensions

ExtJS Widgets for AEM Classic UI.

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.ui.extjs/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.ui.extjs)


### Documentation

* [ExtJS widgets][widgets]
* [API documentation][apidocs]
* [Changelog][changelog]


### Overview

This library provides a selection of ExtJS widgets usable in any projects. Some widgets are subclasses of widgets shipped with AEM Classic UI, overriding and extending some of its features.

The widgets are accompanied by a set of servlets serving as JSON providers.


### AEM Version Support Matrix

|Handler Commons version |AEM version supported
|------------------------|----------------------
|1.1.x or higher         |AEM 6.2 or up
|1.0.x                   |AEM 6.1 or up
|0.x                     |AEM 6.0 or up


### Dependencies

To use this module you have to deploy also:

|---|---|---|
| [wcm.io Sling Commons](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) |
| [wcm.io AEM Sling Models Extensions](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) |
| [wcm.io WCM Commons](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons) |



[widgets]: widgets.html
[apidocs]: apidocs/
[changelog]: changes-report.html
