commons/src/site/markdown/index.md, before:

## About WCM Commons

Common WCM utility and helper functions.

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons)


### Documentation

* [API documentation][apidocs]
* [Sightly components][components]
* [Changelog][changelog]


### Overview

The WCM Commons library contains:

* Generic implementation of "wcmInit" component to initialize edit mode, and base page and parbase components
* Helper classes for managing HTTP caching headers for resources and pages.
* Other useful helper classes, see [API documentation][apidocs]


### Dependencies

To use this module you have to deploy also:

|---|---|---|
| [wcm.io Sling Commons](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) |
| [wcm.io AEM Sling Models Extensions](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) |



[apidocs]: apidocs/
[components]: components.html
[changelog]: changes-report.html

Commit message:

Switch to AEM 6.2 as minimum version.

commons/src/site/markdown/index.md, after:

## About WCM Commons

Common WCM utility and helper functions.

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.wcm.commons)


### Documentation

* [API documentation][apidocs]
* [Sightly components][components]
* [Changelog][changelog]


### Overview

The WCM Commons library contains:

* Generic implementation of "wcmInit" component to initialize edit mode, and base page and parbase components
* Helper classes for managing HTTP caching headers for resources and pages.
* Other useful helper classes, see [API documentation][apidocs]


### AEM Version Support Matrix

|Handler Commons version |AEM version supported
|------------------------|----------------------
|1.3.x or higher         |AEM 6.2 or up
|1.0.x - 1.2.x           |AEM 6.1 or up
|0.x                     |AEM 6.0 or up


### Dependencies

To use this module you have to deploy also:

|---|---|---|
| [wcm.io Sling Commons](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.commons) |
| [wcm.io AEM Sling Models Extensions](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.sling.models) |



[apidocs]: apidocs/
[components]: components.html
[changelog]: changes-report.html
